hello everyone today we get
found for a new video of which
care is to show you how I
make the losses for the masters
singers their heart in this word game
by games claude little con because
I am good mayor well so it's a
phone potter who so liabilities of
show like in sofitel
so that's for sure I do not do so
here and inside in bayern where
was past mystery and gum ball
Mystery and indoor age gum ball
it's like that a little phone for
do kind what they call me and agents
did it to the sources too beautiful so we
wait a little bit because I have
is still a little too long and
it's dry so here and one day if you
do you want to put a comment I
will do a tutorial to show you how
to make a panther phone
in sas m ricoh miss that so does to
the first one I 'm sorry it's dad everything
exchange you know a little bit more
smart
I like better by the fact
why like hello hello it's doctor
it's me the doctor will be dota no I
joke because I'm not sick
so I'm the victim while I
am in panic he was weird
oh yeah I know bad of the rare bird a
look if the knot and the stuff he
has made a witness 400 games favorites
that me so it's over